Add contribution guidance for docs (#109)
couchbaselabs/observability: CONTRIBUTING.md

This is the document generation configuration for the container.
The product `title` should not be changed, unless PM ask for it as a branding exercise.
The `start_page` is the landing/default page for the repository.
Finally the `nav` defines the navigation menu for the repository.

* [`docs/antora-gh-playbook.yml`](./docs/antora-gh-playbook.yml)
  * This is the document generation configuration for the Github action on the `main` branch.
  * It will update the published version here: https://labs.couchbase.com/observability/

* [`docs/user/modules/ROOT/nav.adoc`](./docs/modules/ROOT/nav.adoc)
  * Defines the navigation menu for the repository.
  * The formatting is defined below.

* [`docs/user/modules/ROOT/pages/`](docs/modules/ROOT/pages/)
  * These are the main pages for the documentation.
  * The formatting is defined below.

* [`docs/user/modules/ROOT/partials/`](docs/modules/ROOT/partials/)
  * These define partial documentation, or snippets.
  * The formatting is the same as for documentation.

* [`docs/user/modules/ROOT/assets/images/`](docs/modules/ROOT/assets/images/)
  * These define any images included in documentation.
  * The formatting is defined below.

>   * To ensure these are rendered correctly, any page using them should set up Github variables:

Reviewer: Might be worth making it clearer to people unfamiliar with AsciiDoc:

```suggestion
  * To ensure these are rendered correctly, any page using them should include the below snippet at the top:
```

  ```
  ifdef::env-github[]
  :imagesdir: https://github.com/couchbaselabs/observability/raw/main/docs/modules/ROOT/assets/images
  endif::[]
  ```

### Navigation Layout

When writing nav entries keep a few things in mind:

* The title of the entry, must match the title of the document it refers to
* Any level in the nav should aim to have about 10 entries at most, beyond this people cannot find things as they are overwhelmed
* The top level nav entries (learn, manage, etc.) should be consistent across all Couchbase products, don't touch these (even if they are nonsense, and should be concepts, tasks, etc.)

### Documentation Layout

Before writing any technical documentation, first thoroughly read [Write the Docs](https://www.writethedocs.org/).

Every document *must*:

* Have a title that corresponds to a nav entry with the same name
* Have an abstract
* Use white space to separate elements e.g. don't butt titles and paragraphs together

> * Use one source line per line, this aids in diffing and code review

Reviewer: Clarified slightly, feel free to reject:

```suggestion
* Use one source line per sentence, this aids in diffing and code review
```
